Université Jean Monnet and Ecole des Mines Saint Etienne, France

Cyber Physical and Social Systems International Master's Degree in Computer Science, AI and IoT

Certificate of admission

Student ID

This is to certify that Azamat Zulpykhar, born on 25/03/2003, passport number N16800007, citizen of Kazakhstan , has been successfully selected by the University Jean Monnet as a student to CPS2 (Cyber Physical and Social Systems) master's programme (hereinafter the Programme), jointly coordinated by the University Jean Monnet and the Ecole des Mines, Saint Etienne, France.

Programme

Azamat Zulpykhar will join the 1st year of the scientific Post-Graduate MSc. The provisional academic Programme is organized as such:
- Year 1, semester 1 and 2 (from September 2nd 2024 to July 31st 2025): Courses at the Université Jean Monnet and at the Ecole des Mines de Saint-Etienne;
- Year 2, semester 3 (from September 2025 to January 2026): Courses at the Université Jean Monnet and at the Ecole des Mines de Saint-Etienne, or visit of an international partner University;
- Year 2, semester 4 (from February 2026 to July 2026): Master thesis in any hosting institution subject to agreement from the coordinators.
The student has been advised to apply to a 2-year French Extended-stay student visa, with residence permit (VLS-TS) to this end, in line with the French inter-ministerial circular of January 27th, 2006, and in line with good practices from the EU diploma integration and criteria of academic excellence: Any changes that would appear in the French or European regulations for receiving international students would be immediately transmitted to the student.

Academic excellence (criteria 1)

The student has been selected after a highly competitive selection process, jointly conducted by the 2 partnering host institutions on the basis of the academic background and professional track record.

Admission status (criteria 2)

The student application has been officially accepted for the full duration of the Programme, including mobility options in international partner universities based on adequacy between the learning outcomes of the Programme and the claimed academic background which authenticity has been checked by the hosting institutions.

Institutional framework (criteria 3)

The student study plan and academic recognition will comply with the Programme institutional setting, accredited by the legal framework of the diploma delivering institutions.

Language (criteria 4)

Language of tuition is English and proficiency of the student in this language has been demonstrated. The Institutions offer course modules of French language and culture.

Evidence of sufficient financial resources

Participation costs are set to approximately 750 for the first year, and 500 for the second year. These amounts do not include Student and Campus Life Contribution (2023: 100), nor any payment that would be introduced by the government after this date. The student is informed that a full year of expenses in Saint-Etienne (housing, cost of living, travel expenses) is estimated at around 9.000.

Employability CPS2 master's degree aims primarily to bridge a talent gap in industry and research where AI and IoT systems are in high demand. Professional success and contribution of the students to the economic and social development of their home country is at the core of the rationale of this academic Programme.

Contractual obligations

The students are expected to sign a Student Agreement upon arrival, detailing their rights and obligations, notably regarding their full participation in the Programme.

Focal point

We will be happy to answer within 5 business-days to any further request. Please contact us at cps2@univ-st-etienne.fr

Professor Pierre Maret Academic coordinator of the CPS2 master's programme
June 26th, 2024

